---
title: Lesson 6
layout: post
author: sam.pragnell
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1ESlvMvbbLEYM0Svl7_m4WnX4DUX1tR6ak3s1yFx5QRo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>48</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target </td>
    <td>54</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes I got to page 58 which I am very happy with</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The most effective strategy I used was trial and error and changing up the words and personalize my work as my partner was at football I could do this and think about it myself which helped as sometimes it's better to have 1 , it was my favourite lesson yet with the way if I went wrong I would try it again until it was right and with an extra extension, I gained many pages using this technique and overshot my target.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on getting my extension done quicker as that limited my efficiency as it could take 15 mins to work out the further bit i could add to my work or think through the changes and if it made sense if it didn't I add that in the extension as. I knew the basic principals.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will aim to make more changes in my blog as I only font colour and font I feel I could of tried rounded edges but that is what I'll aim for next week in terms of the lesson I will try and go further and code my own bits to make my work more effective and hopefully my partner (Ben) will help on that.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


