---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: sam.pragnell
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 1d7im3JYdGxlPKfUQ3d-Me1F6ENvew3M1dqLYi2Dc5zo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/10</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>pg 44</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td></td>
    <td>pg 50</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes we got further to pg 52</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Stop , think , and concentrate was the most effective strategy as it helps me calm down in failure especially with my blog but I feel more satisfied with my blog as the history feature is very reliable and useful also in coding thinking it through more like a computer as it helps with empathy and how the computer would interpret it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>my partner didn't help me that much as he was fixing his blog this helped me as I could crack on and think to myself a bit more as I could concentrate easier I also learnt more because I could do both sides and think more logically and gain a couple more pages and in regards with my blog I need to think more logically and how a computer would Utd think about the situation.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will get my partner to help as many hands make light work especially when their is two pairs as too many cooks spoil the broth I will code with more confidence next time as it's not the end of the world if I fail as in computing that is my biggest fear failure as I am scared of getting it wrong and someone shouting at me or I'm clearly missing something obvious .

In my blog I've changed to different colour font and  background enlarging the the sizes 6 pixels each time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


